hi everyone I'm here to show you what
I'm making for dinner for a family
tonight
this is a recipe that I pretty much came
up with a long time ago when I was a
single parent and had three children at
home first the way you start off with
one package of these or something
similar sometimes you can buy them in a
bag
these are Hungry Jack hash browns
it makes one pound of hash browns so
those are in there I sprinkled some
pepper some seasoned salt and a little
bit of onion salt and then I sprayed it
with this spray butter because it
doesn't have any calories or anything in
it and then you bake this for about 15
minutes in the oven at 350 so this has
already been baked and is back out as
you can see it's browned up a little bit
okay and then I used this all-purpose
baking mix for biscuits waffles and
pancakes and I made the first basically
the directions right there I followed
those and I made some biscuit stuff
right there and then in here you can see
I have this size can of Campbell's baked
beans or pork and beans this is the 1
pound 12 ounces and then I also added a
small can of a different brand of porky
beans in tomato sauce this is the 16
ounce canvas and then into this I added
one cup of ketchup which
right here and then about a half a cup
of brown sugar and you mix that all up
together and then here I have two
packages of turkey dogs which is what
our family would use instead of regular
hot dogs you can use all beef franks
turkey Franks whatever you want regular
chicken whatever doesn't matter and then
what we're gonna do is we're gonna take
and we're gonna put this bowl of baked
beans over top of this just pour it in
there like that excuse me with the
camera thing I'm not used to it yet and
I'm doing this by myself so the guys are
outside working on the roof of the
garage so let's try to get all that
mostly out of there and then I'll take
the spoon and you just put this all
around so that it's covering this like
that and then you're going to maybe get
it then you're going to take these
biscuits and you're gonna spoon drop
them on to the top of this or the hot
dogs first put the hot dogs on just do
the same with those some put them around
on there I could get them out I'm gonna
just take these and move them all so
that they're layered
like that and then you're just gonna
take the biscuits and make rounded
spoonfuls or whatever onto the top of
this so that they'll bake so I will show
you this all after its baked because I'm
not going to be able to I think I'll try
to do one so I can give me an idea of
what I do and just take that much and
put it like right there and then space
them all out and then I'll bake this at
350 for about a half an hour 45 minutes
depending on how long it takes to look
like it's done and then that's what we
call hotdog casserole so I'll show you
it when it's done okay see y'all do my
hand in there bye